good guys, well, a boat of objects that
I am hardy is're in a new
modality that I have never climbed but that
the truth I think it is very funny
the game already built a video before
uploaded to the channel and I hope it's
pretty cool I hope you like the
modality because it is very very funny
and if you can support it with your
like and your
I like to share it on twitter or by
which is your social networks and
You can also leave a comment
saying what is downcast or well
they left you want a comment I'm worth
assigned guys
'See you, let's play some games
and nothing I hope you like
you have this this is my big one
is that there is a group of
runners that you see are these a
group of trolls that are the ones who will see
during the whole race there is a
troll group which good then they go
tolerating not here for example we have
straits that are jumps I do not know how it is
our deduce exactly are about
jumps which then we can use myself
I know if they try to troll us
we can hit a jump and not fall
you know tail so for example there are lewis what
I may have used things that I'm not
used to but good, I already say that they are
useful and you'll see that I'm going to
use at some point and you will see that they are
quite useful the subject will be in
It does not hurt much
got not burn me here surely
the lines so c's
it does not work
here
so then for 33 up here I hope
that does not fail in a video
my mother let's go let's go
ok here I entered leo already so we can
pass perfectly any type
It is a pity is that I am a park
I really hate it, I'm a park, it's better
ok let's go there
they are not this game or blas
and less if they have put us is already come
come, come, it 's that you're until it
remove the water
A) Yes
we go
so we will accelerate a little good it
how is it
I end ist
christie's that won
but like the cattle but if done fatal
and hugo fux week and there is no god has
stayed well at the end it's at the end and
won
I thought that I was not going to win
final arrives no no no
thorough
and what more symphonic in plan
I do not want poster in the middle I want this
man is worth this man is the corner
but the blue eyes and with another
several clothes explain me hardy 5 m no
are you
I'm recording x of a greeting for divx
the first always with our why
you do it
or you die those weeks
so that this one is worth
this I suppose is from the western
because it has happened
I did not wait for the time
tour
how is it again
OK OK
then they looked at a world in time
I've lost two stars, so
he probably will not win the game but hey
this is going to try this we never give
for lost we are hard guys
we are not from vallecas or timba but
long time
no more seriously I believe program but
good
how I play
worth voucher voucher voucher I do not think I won
this part neither of coña but
the next one is
wow
I know
but that he would win
what was going to swim
do not
do not ask me do not ask
in God with how fast this does not
do not crash with the water thank you garden
Thank you
worth two crazy trunks there
been crossed by the guy is dead
you do not believe it but uncle is that he did not arrive
but it did not arrive
it took us but we took it to did not arrive
uncle
Yes , I already tell you
as leganese
why do you say no I can not believe it
but as I am as pp as I so pp is or
it's as if he's going to win already
Yes Yes Yes
lead God to think that he lost what
I swear I thought I lost guys
sure I thought I say is that I'm going to
lose and win and won I won
won before but fits the
modality of I hope you enjoy it
I hope you start more because I like it
a lot also seems very very epic not
I find it very entertaining to record
both to record and to see so nothing is
everything also with friends is usually even
more fun so if you want I can
record with someone and nothing can be all
everyone and see you in the next one
it works here I'm starting that if it's going to
have an epic day because it does not work
success taste favorites and mola mogollón
and do not forget the subscription